README.md, before:

#Fenice Telemetria Sender - Refactor Edition

##File System

```bash
Telemetria
├─ src
│	├─ lib
│	│	├─ can_lib
│	│	│	├─ can_custom.h
│	│	│	└─ can_custom.c
│	│	├─ config_lib
│	│	│	├─ config_custom.h
│	│	│	├─ config_custom.c
│	│	│	└─ jsmn
│	│	├─ mongo_lib
│	│	│	├─ mongo_custom.h
│	│	│	└─ mongo_custom.c
│	│	├─ mosquitto_lib
│	│	│	├─ mosquitto_custom.h
│	│	│	└─ mosquitto_custom.c
│	│	└─ structure_lib
│	│		├─ structure_custom.h
│	│		├─ structure_custom.c
│	│		├─ structure_custom.template.h
│	│		└─ structure_custom.template.c
│	├─ javascript
│	│	├─ utils
│	│	├─ generators
│	│	└─ index.js
│	├─ compile.sh
│	├─ cfg.json
│	├─ package.json
│	├─ structure.json
│	└─ main.c
├─ test
├─ docs
├─ README.md
└─ .git
```

The directory src contains the code for the Sender application. The subdir javascript instead consist of all the file needed for the dynamic generation of the code. The javascript code is run through node before the compilation of the C code. Inside lib there are all the ad hoc library developed for the project. The ones regarding "can_lib", "___mongo_lib" and "mosquitto_lib"

Commit message:

Shifting to V2. Steering Control Implemented. TEST NEEDED

README.md, after:

#Fenice Telemetria Sender - Refactor Edition

##File System

```bash
Telemetria
├─ src
│	├─ lib
│	│	├─ can_lib
│	│	│	├─ can_custom.h
│	│	│	└─ can_custom.c
│	│	├─ config_lib
│	│	│	├─ config_custom.h
│	│	│	├─ config_custom.c
│	│	│	└─ jsmn
│	│	├─ mongo_lib
│	│	│	├─ mongo_custom.h
│	│	│	└─ mongo_custom.c
│	│	├─ mosquitto_lib
│	│	│	├─ mosquitto_custom.h
│	│	│	└─ mosquitto_custom.c
│	│	└─ structure_lib
│	│		├─ structure_custom.h
│	│		├─ structure_custom.c
│	│		├─ structure_custom.template.h
│	│		└─ structure_custom.template.c
│	├─ javascript
│	│	├─ utils
│	│	├─ generators
│	│	└─ index.js
│	├─ compile.sh
│	├─ cfg.json
│	├─ package.json
│	├─ structure.json
│	└─ main.c
├─ test
├─ docs
├─ README.md
└─ .git
```

The directory **src** contains the code for the Sender application. 

The subdir *javascript* instead consist of all the file needed for the dynamic generation of the code. 
The javascript code is run through node before the compilation of the C code. 

Inside subdir *lib* there are all the ad hoc library developed for the project. 
The ones regarding *can_lib*, *mongo_lib* and *mosquitto_lib* are the one tested to check the correctness of the environment


The other directories **test** and **docs** contains the test codes regarding the upcited libraries and some useful documents for the understanding of the whole project **(TBC)**

## ENVIRONMENT SETUP

## INSTALLATION

## LAUNCH
```bash
	$ ./pub cfg.json
```
On the car system, a service is implemented. At the start up of the device, the application will launch by itself.
